*************** Do not delete this line. When adding or deleting an item from the menu, make sure that the number before the category is equal to the number of lines after the category title. Ex. There are 8 lines after soups and salads.
7
Appetizers
Garlic Bread 4 w/cheese 5.5
Breaded Mushrooms 7
Mozza Sticks 8 
Cheddar Cheese Balls 7
Calamari 8 
Nachos 10 w/Beef 13 w/Chicken 14
Munchie Platters Sm. 16 Lg. 23 Xl. 30
5
Side Orders
Handcut French Fries Sm. 5 Lg 6.5
Sweet Potato Fries Sm. 6 Lg. 7.5 
Poutine Sm. 7 Lg. 9
Onion Rings 6.5
Options of extra cheese, bacon, condiments, dressings and gravy.
8
Soups & Salads 
Ports French Onion 7
Deep, rich caramelized onions swimming in our house broth. Seasoned croutons keep a blend of 3 cheeses afloat. 
Greek Salad 11 
Crisp romaine lettuce, cucumber, tomato, green and red peppers, red onions, kalamata olives, and feta cheese. 
Caesar Salad 10
Crisp romaine lettuce and bacon bits tossed in a creamy caesar dressing. Topped with seasoned croutons and fresh grated parmesan.
Garden Salad 8
A mix of frsh veggies atop a bed of crisp romaine lettuce. Served with your choice of dressing. 
1
Wings
Available in mild, medium, hot, suicide, honey garlic, and greek lemon garlic. Served with fries or fresh veggies and dip. 1 pound 12 2 pounds 20
8
Wraps
Pub 13
Lettuce, tomato, bacon, cheddar, grilled chicken and mayo.
Chicken Caesar 12
Lettuce, bacon, grilled chicken, fresh parmesan, and caesar dressing.
Souvlaki 13
Tomato, cucumber, red and green peppers, red onions, grilled chicken, feta chesse and tzatiki.
Veggie 10
Lettuce. tomato, cucumber, red and green peppers, red onions, mushrooms, and your choice of dressing.
12
Burgers
Ports Burger 8
Our original. Simple yet delicious.
KP burger 11 
Unlike its name, our most popular burger will never stop. Generous amounts of bacon, sauted onions, and cheddar cheese top this one.
BBQ Burger 12
Bacon, onion rings, jack cheese, and forty creek BBQ sauce make this one you'll come back for.
Tex Mex Burger 11.5
Sauted onions, bell peppers, and jack cheese. Topped with sauted jalapenos.
Canuck Burger 13
A generous, thick cut, slice of back bacon, Canadian cheddar and our house patty, eh? 
Sunset Burger 12.5
Cheddar cheese and a sunnyside egg. What's not to like? 
22
Sandwiches 
Grilled Cheese 7 w/bacon 8
No menu is complete without this staple.
BLT 9
Another staple with no desription needed.
Port Denver 9
2 eggs, bacon, red onion, and green peppers go in our version of this classic.
Ports Club 12
Season grilled chicken breast, bacon, lettuce, tomato, and mayo all stacked on texas toast. Try it with roast beef instead of chicken.
Buffalo Chicken 13
Seasoned grilled chicken breast or breaded chicken strips tossed in your choice of wing sauce. Melted jack cheese, lettuce, tomato, red onion, and ranch dressing. On a a toasted swiss panini bun.
Sirloin Beef Dip 13
Shaved top sirloin coated with sauted onions and jack cheese. Served on a toasted swiss panini bun with rosemary aiolo.
Crispy Chicken Sandwich 12 
Our own beer battered fish topped with our house coleslaw, lettuce, and tomato, on a toasted swiss panini bun.
Brisket Sandwich 13
Slow roasted,seasoned beef brisket and a smokey mesquite BBQ sauce. Served on a toasted brioche with lettuce, red onion, and rosemary aioli.
Ports Pulled Pork 11
Seasoned and slow roasted to perfection. Dripping with smokkey mesquite BBQ sauce and sauted onions on a toasted brioche.
Cheese Steak Hoagie 14 
Shaved top sirloin, sauted bell peppers and onions smothered in mozzarella cheese and served on a toasted hoagie roll.
Hot Sandwich 13
Your choice of shave top sirloin or our house hamburger patty. Served open or closed on white or brown bread. Smothered in gravy and served with fries.
8
Dinner Platters
Beer Battered Fish & Chips 11 
Made in house and sure to please. Served with lemon and tartar sauce. Add a second piece 3
Breaded Shrimp 10
Fan tailed shrimp, breaded, and deep fried to perfection. Served with lemon, seafood sauce and fries.
Chicken Fingers 12
Delicious breaded chicken, comfort food at it's finest. Try them sticky styl in your choice of wing sauce. Served with fries. 
Cheese Quesadilla 11 
Sauted onions and bellpeppers smothered in a 3 cheeser blend. Add chicken 3. Add beef 2. 